





Independent Code Addicts                                       A. Balica
Potato Request for Comments: 8065                          22 April 2015
Category: Informational


               Ana as Fulltime Django Developer at Potato

Status of this Memo

   This memo provides information for the Potato HR department and
   everyone else at Potato who might be interested. It does not specify
   a standard of any kind. Distribution of this memo is unlimited.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (C) Ana Balica (2015).  All Rights Reserved.

Abstract

   This document describes Ana's interest and rationale to work fulltime
   as Django Developer at Potato London office, UK. It also includes a
   rough list of competences and skills.

1. What means PRFC 8065

   PRFC stands for "Potato Request For Comments". The memo number is
   not accidental as well. It is a concatenation of number 80, which is
   the ASCII decimal representation of "P" (Potato), and number 65,
   which is the ASCII decimal representation of "A" (Ana).

2. Rationale

   Work, along with hobbies and social interaction, is a source of
   satisfaction in every human life. Being roughly 1/3 of the happiness
   pool, it is important to choose a job carefully. Consequently, after
   a small research, Potato has an extreme appeal to Ana.

   The quintessence of several factors make it a perfect job:

      choice of the development stack

      open source friendliness, represented in the form of an active
      GitHub account and usage of open source tools

      variety of interesting and experimental projects

      support of technical events, conferences and charity causes

      fun environment filled with like-minded people


Balica                       Informational                      [Page 1]

PRFC 8065                                                  22 April 2015


3. Bragging about skills and competences

   Ana is the person with the right attitude towards work and people.
   She has the ability to integrate easily in new teams due to her
   extensive experience with NGOs and various international developer
   teams.

   Moreover the listed requirements match her expertise and fields of
   interest. She has a solid background in Python and 3 years of work
   experience with Django.

   Ana's strong set of skills include understanding of Python and
   Django internals, best practices, debugging techniques, unit testing
   and functional testing with Django, plethora of experience with open
   source contributing, well written and documented code.

   Ana is an open source enthusiast. She completed successfully 2 Google
   Summer of Code programs as a student and this year will be mentoring
   on the behalf of Systers organization. Also catch her talk at the
   upcoming DjangoCon in Cardiff, as she will be speaking about mixins.

4. Find out more

   If this PRFC got you interested, you can always find out more
   information about Ana simply by googling. To spare the hard work,
   here are some pointers:

      curriculum vitae <http://ana-balica.github.io/cv.pdf> - containing
      probably more than you would like to know

      blog <http://ana-balica.github.io>

      GitHub account <https://github.com/ana-balica/>

      Bitbucket account <https://bitbucket.org/ana-balica>


5. Author's Address

   Ana Balica
   Moldova, Chisinau
   Doina 88/1, MD 2059

   EMail: ana.balica@gmail.com







Balica                       Informational                      [Page 2]
